so they just have this mentality of I'm
going to be here for the rest of my life
and I started asking the question what
would it take no what would it
take to give them an empowering mindset
[Music]
this isn't Austin impact Theory being in
a bubble there is a whole world of hyper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough to have made a ton of cash
they really want to do something what is
up my beer impact abyss we just got here
to Miami Florida came in on the red-eye
if you pay attention to the social media
space at all chances are you have
definitely heard of Grant Cardone and we
are about to go in here to see Grant
Cardone for his show power players I'm
really excited about and it is hilarious
to me that his officers are actually in
the bank I recognize that guy how's it
going man pleasure to meet you steaks
coming up for sure you having me thanks
a lot
where'd you grow up for your billion
dollar valuations okay and serial
entrepreneurs where would you grow up
what was your yeah I grew up in Tacoma
Washington I was taught to be a good
employee which meant keep my head down
as little work as possible and avoid
punishment at all cost and then taught
you that my parents okay god bless them
that I'm not a born entrepreneur my
parents were not entrepreneurs that just
wasn't how they saw life they were way
more focused on safety security take
care of the family and if that meant
that you had to backseat your own
ambitions and that's what he did but I
had a lot of ambition and was so deeply
passionate about filmmaking that there
were sort of knows nothing I mean our
Lee was just oh I knew I wanted to be a
filmmaker at 12 USC film school
statistically it's harder to get into
than Harvard Law statistically or
nothing you have to be smarter just the
number of people that applied that get
accepted so it's very very hard to get
in getting to film school doing well my
first couple films get the attention of
some of the other students in class and
so in your class only four people get to
direct a thesis film in your senior year
so I felt like I'm either a good
filmmaker
birth or I'm not and so up until my
senior thesis film everything was
telling me you're a talented filmmaker
and my senior thesis films only a very
difference during the said you're a
terrible filmmaker and so now I was like
what do I do with that do you think I
just want to talk about the fixed
mindset yeah because I've had other
people sit here and say look you're
either an entrepreneur you're not Gary
Vee who I consider a dear friend of mine
it's ironic because we are aggressively
opposed on it even though I see eye to
eye with him on so much I don't think
anyone is born anything so I think that
you have natural inclinations so there
are things you're going to get early
winds on yeah so Gary clearly got early
winds from an entrepreneurial standpoint
so it just made sense him to go take the
flowers and fill them back and I totally
get that
but the human animal has become the apex
predator for one reason and one reason
only
we adapt better than any other species
once you begin to realize the human
animal is an adaptation machine that
what makes us great is our ability to
put ourselves under stress and then
physically and mentally adapt to that
then it's like okay what are my goals
and now what am I going and then you
work backwards to identify the skill set
that you need to acquire and check out
the podcast impact Theory podcast thanks
for watching today awesome thank you sir
thanks for having me on love they will
love it that's going to get him Jack
nice concept on my keychain oh thank you
so much what a pleasure when I see I see
all of you in fact II read almost a
great thank you come on it's time Julie
I love it it's like so great separate
alright we just wrapped the shoot here
with Grant Cardone it was a lot of fun I
was actually really surprised by his
interview style with me he's definitely
one of those interviewers that goes
wherever he thinks the interview needs
to go there are things that he and I
agree very much on and things that we
disagree but in a fun way so I really
had a good time
unlike most interviews that I've been on
because he's very present in the
interview a lot of interviewers and
oftentimes I'll include myself in this
you try to be invisible
and so really having somebody there
that's going back and forth - I actually
really enjoyed so that was a lot of fun
I hope you guys enjoy the full interview
and now the man behind the camera Mason
and I are going to go get some beautiful
fills that we can turn into some more
empowering content for you guys welcome
to Miami Beach everybody he's very
beautiful it has been Planes Trains
automobiles and grant cardone it was a
lot of fun I had such a blast on his
show really a good time I cannot wait
you guys see that interview I enjoyed
the life out of Miami it is warm if the
team mintages all things that I consider
beautiful you don't have to go home but
you can't stay here
the legendary tea
[Music]